[DX] New set of fixtures (#167)
synolia/SyliusAkeneoPlugin: docs/FIXTURE.md

```yaml
# config/packages/sylius_fixtures.yaml

sylius_fixtures:
    suites:
        app:
            fixtures:
                akeneo_association_types: 
                    options:
                        batch_size: 100
                        allow_parallel: true
                        max_concurrency: 4
```

> [!NOTE]
> Given [Akeneo API](https://api.akeneo.com/api-reference.html#Associationtype) don't provide any search filter for association types, 
> it's not currently possible de reduce the number of association types to import.

## Families - `akeneo_families`

This fixture allow you to trigger the `akeneo:import:families` command.

You can specify the batch size, if you allow parallel import, and max concurrency.

```yaml
# config/packages/sylius_fixtures.yaml

sylius_fixtures:
    suites:
        app:
            fixtures:
                akeneo_families: 
                    options:
                        batch_size: 100
                        allow_parallel: true
                        max_concurrency: 4
```

You can also provide a custom filter to reduce the number of families you want to import.

> Inside `custom` node option, you can provide any query parameter supported by [Akeneo API](https://api.akeneo.com/documentation/filter.html#filter-on-product-model-properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside `custom` node option, you can provide any query parameter supported by [Akeneo API](https://api.akeneo.com/documentation/filter.html#filter-families).
```

Author: No, we call product-model api here

Reviewer: Logic, or not 😂 
Ok, we build families from products datas.
